[Term Entry] Swift Sets: .insert() (#1135)
Codecademy/docs: content/swift/concepts/sets/terms/insert.md

---
Title: '.insert()'

> Description: 'Add an element at a specified index.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Adds an element at a specified index.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'iOS'
  - 'Mobile Development'
Tags:
  - 'Sets'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-swift'
  - 'paths/build-ios-apps-with-swiftui'
---

> The **`insert()`** method inserts the given element in the set if it is not already present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`insert()`** method adds or inserts a given element in the set if it is not already present.
```

Reviewer: Can we explain that because a set contains unique items, that is the reason an element won't be added if it's already present? Please put it in your own words and in a format that you think works best

## Syntax

```pseudo

> anySet.insert(element)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
setName.insert(element)
```

```

## Example

```swift
var myFruitsSet: Set<String> = ["apple"]

print(myFruitsSet.insert("banana"))
// Output: (inserted: true, memberAfterInsert: "banana")

print(myFruitsSet)
// Output: ["apple", "banana"]

print(myFruitsSet.insert("apple"))
// Output: (inserted: false, memberAfterInsert: "apple")

print(myFruitsSet)
// Output: ["apple", "banana"]

> ```

Reviewer: Can we include a small note about how the element is inserted regarding order? Or is there no order.

---
Title: '.insert()'
Description: 'Adds an element at a specified index.'
Subjects:
  - 'iOS'
  - 'Mobile Development'
Tags:
  - 'Sets'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-swift'
  - 'paths/build-ios-apps-with-swiftui'
---

> The **`insert()`** method adds or inserts a given element in the set if it is not already present because set is a collection of unique elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`insert()`** method adds or inserts a given element in the set if it is not already present since a set must contain unique elements.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
setName.insert(element)
```

## Example

```swift
var myFruitsSet: Set<String> = ["apple"]

print(myFruitsSet.insert("banana"))
// Output: (inserted: true, memberAfterInsert: "banana")

print(myFruitsSet)
// Output: ["apple", "banana"]

print(myFruitsSet.insert("apple"))
// Output: (inserted: false, memberAfterInsert: "apple")

print(myFruitsSet)

> // Output: ["apple", "banana"]

Reviewer: Can we create a separate output code snippet? Instead of ```swift, we'll do ```shell.

It will look like this:

```swift
swift code here
```

This will output:

```shell
first output
second output
...
```

> // NOTE - Set is an unordered collection so the order of elements can vary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// NOTE - Set is an unordered collection so the order of elements can vary.
```

Let's move this note to underneath this snippet like so:

> **Note:** Sets are unordered collections, so the order of elements can vary.
